[TSC]: Removal of the broken link to approach.md (#2074)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/common/README.md

Cloud iNfrastructure Telco Taskforce [Introduction](chapter00.md). 

> <a name="4.0"></a>

Reviewer: "Approach" needs to be removed from ToC

## Use Cases

> CNTT Addresses wide range of use cases from Core all the way to the Edge of the Network. Different use cases supported by CNTT specifications are described in [here](./usecases.md).

Reviewer: nits
```suggestion
The CNTT specifications address a wide range of use cases from the Core all the way to the Edge of the Network. The different use cases supported by the CNTT specifications are described [here](./usecases.md).
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe in addition replace CNTT by Anuket.

Reviewer 3: I would suggest to that once Anuket is announced and at the beginning of a new release cycle.
